Add `assigned_or_suggested` syntax to Search docs (#3061)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/search/index.mdx

: Filter on the user which the issue is assigned to.

Values can be a user ID (your email address), `me` for yourself, `me_or_none` for yourself or no assignee, or `#team-name`.

`assigned_or_suggested`

> : Filter on the user or team which the issue is assigned or suggested to be assigned to. Suggested assignees are based off matching ownership rules and suspect commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Filter on the user or team to which the issue is assigned or suggested to be assigned. Suggested assignees are determined by matching [ownership rules](/product/error-monitoring/issue-owners/) and [suspect commits](/product/releases/suspect-commits/).
```
